# Suraj-s-file
codes made by me 
In this project i was tasked to create a math calculator that incorporated basic math fucntions such as addition, subtraction, etc, area functions such as area of triangles, squares, etc, graphing functions such as sin graphs, and polynomial graphs. The process of creating this code for me started off by getting all of my old codes together and compliling them togethar to create the calculator. Error handeling and chnaging the code was very important in this assignment since I had to undertsnad and find a way to create my code by following the requirements for the project. The most simple way that I found was to create a main statment that had all of the different choices from math fucntions, graphs, and area calculations and after that i created 3 different choices that would follow each of the 3 calculations and print the material accordingly. The user would have to enter a choice from the main statment, then the I had to create conditions that were if and elif statements that would say if the user wanted any of the three choices. After that there was another choice within the user choice which would branch off to the different calculations within the topic that was chosen for example area of a triangle when the user chose the area function. Although I had all of the material ready to go prior to building this calculatror I had to modify it under the conditions so it would print without giving an error so for most of the calculations I had to put the code underneith the if statements so that the computer would undertsand what the user wanted to get ptinted. In conclusion this project was a success and it was very rewarding to see my work being used in such a mannor that it is basically a desmos graphic calculator. 
